**Code-g** is a flexible  pattern based code generator.

## Motivation ##

Interfaces are very powerful, in many cases using commonly known naming convention, design pattern, they indicate intention of implementation to be used. If that is the case why bother writing boiler-plate code, why not just generated full or partial implementation automatically. _Naming convention_ is a powerful tool, in addition of data types, annotation it provides enough information to automate most of the common use cases.

## Features ##

### Automatic code generation ###
Code-g analyses source classes and where applicable generates source code.


### Bulk code generation ###
Code-g can provide  implementation to the whole package tree, individual packages, or classes.

### Flexible code generation plugin ###
A code generator is simply a plugin, it is easily to extend or create new one, with re-using any existing pattern matching implementation.

### Method pattern matching ###
Convenient methods pattern matcher utility to simply match any method groups
based on their result and argument types, naming convention etc.

### Dynamic class loading ###
Code-g has ability to load at runtime just generated code.

### Maven integration ###
All code generation can by flexibly integrated with you maven project.
Classes generated by one plugin can be used by another plugin in the same run.
Partial source compilation is supported to avoid circular dependencies within a project.



# References #

[GetStarted](http://code.google.com/p/code-g/wiki/GetStarted)